# Chapter 0: Family History

The history of my dad's side:

My dad's name is Jose De Jesus Perez and he grew up in a small farm town.


Apozol, Guadalajara.

He has this story of being able to own a radio.

They're one of the first families to own a radio in the village.

Batteries were a commodity so they had to take out a big D batteries and put them out of the sun and that would recharge it enough to have the radio play the local stations.


My dad left Mexico when he was 15 he was helping with the farm and at 15 he had the opportunity to go to the "new world" which the United States.


 Just propertunities, for jobs.
 
 It was a new world to him.
 
 My grandpa had worked on the U.S. Railroad and there's a lot of history beyond that.
 
 My dad came, he worked, he met my mom.
 
 
 They were childhood friends in terms of the village that theygroup in in was small.
 
 In those rural towns of Mexico, every one really knows every so everyone was not surprised when they were together (I'm assuming).
 
 
 He worked his ass off and he showed us what hard work really is.
 
 
 When I think of the impact that my dad had on me:
 
 For sure one of the main things are:
 
 Working your ass off.
 
 Working fucking hard.
 
 Working at 100%
 
 I thank you because I am who I am because of you.
 
 The idea of where we come from and everything that we've gone through is nothing compared to what our parents had to go through.
 
 
 The idea of this life, of having children, of continuing your seed and your genetics:
 
 We want to make our lives "easier" for us.
 
 "Easier".
 
 We also want to make it "easier" for our kids.
 
 "Easier" really means:
 

 More opportunities.
 
 More education.
 
 More tools.
 
 More resources.
 
 To be able to achieve everything we want to achieve
 
 The "typical" way is schooling.
 
 Right?
 
 We go to school.
 
 we get our education.
 
 
 We get our degree, our GPA.
 
 We get a job based on that degree.
 
 We save up money to buy a house and everything.
 
 We for sure are following along in those paths and in that journey, but:
 
 That is not "THE" correct path  when we are not doing what we want to be doing.
 
 When we are held down by these limitations of:
 
 "Work".
 
 We feel like we're "busy".
 
 Or feel like we're tired.
 
 
 That means we are not doing what we want to be doing.
 
 So if you are doing what you want to be doing then you're going to have lots of energy, feel full and excited.
 
 The other key to this is you have to be obsessed with what you want to do.

 AND DO IT.
 
 If you are obsessed and if you are commited with what you want to achieve and you do everything that you want to do at 100%
 
 What's going to be the result?
 
 You're going to ffucking achieve everything you want to achieve!
 
 You have to keep working on it and you only stop when you die.
 
 Retirement is a myth!
 
 You are going to continue to work.
 
 Continue to live your best life until the moment that you die.
 
 This idea that you work, work, work and then all of a sudden he just stop is not the right idea.
 
 Every single moment. Earth in this reality you are working every time you breathe human table leaving. You do nothing like doing nothing is a lot of work a lot of work so let's go ahead and do what the f*** you want to do and I think our parents think our family think our connection big are ancestors are lineage because we would not be here without the help of them and it's our job to continue that and continue to provide the best possible life for everyone not only our kids but our children from the earth everyone even if they're strangers even the front of another Nation we need to do our best buy us doing our best on map so thank you for doing your back when I'm better you're better when you're better I'm better when we're going to continue on over. Academic aspect of the. Information about me and we're all of this is coming from because there is a certain approach of how to view with problems and depending on the educational experiences that you have different ways of approaching things but I'm going to show you my background just so you have some experience and help me to really help me but overall because we are here right now in this very moment everything that happened was exactly the way it's supposed to happen all right I want to give a little bit more emphasis on my mom's story so she was a group with my both of my aunts and my grandma has four of them three sisters and the mom or Grandpa was not a very good provider so he decided to live the life that he lived and he suffered greatly for it but because he suffered later on in his life to have a good life of what he wanted to live without our family without his daughters without his wife then ultimately my mom's side of the family suffered and my grandpa was going to be suffered at his end of life so because my grandpa was not a part of our family my grandma and my mom and aunts have to provide for themselves my grandma have this story she has a she needed to make money so she would make Jello for neighborhood she would make big batches of Jell-O she would sell to the local people who would then take that Jello break it up and then sell it themselves profit and then my mom and aunts what else to do theme string thing showing that type type of work as well as having a different job they also built their house from the ground up all by themselves and that entrepreneurial ship type of drive for sure is a big part of what makes me me and my mom and hurts. Reality combined with my dad hard work ethic and made me who I am so I am nothing but proud of where I come from and the Legacy. Stop thank you


 ---


 All right chapter 0 why academics so I graduated from Southern California high school Henry J Kaiser High School it was in Fontana and Fontana is famous for the steel mill and the speedway it was actually a pound city that was made in order to produce steel for the war and others a story. Aziz I would run out of gas by the time they production plant so they wouldn't be able to bond it and it's an hour East from LA and from there that steel mill all those families working for the effort needed to have health care so one of the owners from the Kaiser steel mill Kaiser High School and Kaiser health care so I graduated with a 3.8 in high school I was very smart growing up I read out on a high reading level I was always getting mad because I was pushed towards that I remember having to memorize the times tables up to 10 by the time I was like first second grade actually skip first grade because I was so smart I got straight A's in second grade but I was held back I was too short and they said that I would get bullied if I moved on and I did very good in a high school because I knew the game the game was just memorization it was just read this part of the textbook answer these questions and you're testing to be based on that is the lowest form of education but that's what we were talking and I went to Community College with the goal to become a registered nurse again. Very similar it is lots of memorization but you have to apply those memorization along with skills to provide patient care to be a nurse so everything that I through High School community College California State University Sacramento where I got my. Science in nursing I'm a registered nurse everything has taught me where I am when I'm going to be doing in the future because of everything that I've learned I used to be wanting to compartmentalize my life into o I only do this or I'm only there for I do this but in reality all of my experiences make me who I am and from there it makes up the volume. So the reason why I'm bringing this up in this type of media course of programming and brown through the internet is to let you know that you don't necessarily need a marketing background for an art. Programming. Literally you can create whatever the f*** you want to create if you just put your hundred percent full form and instead of spinning your wheels and trying to figure everything out and try to learn from different people and do things kind of halfway and experiment I'm going to give you the guidelines that all of the other brands that are successful and companies and government Healthcare everything we're going to use the industry-standard launching point to where we're going to be growing our brand and where we're going to be disseminating our ideas and information into the whole world and this structure is through Bluetooth production and the whole guideline everything is compartmentalize into a box called programming your brain to the Internet so after I went to school and I got my nursing degree my. By the nursing I got my first job as a nurse I was a primary care nurse at a local federally qualified Health Center which is code word for we accept anyone and everyone in all of my skills into being able to provide the best care to everyone who came in through our doors and I use my experience of working at Jack In The Box and of my schooling and of everything in order to provide the best care and because of that I thrive everywhere I go no matter what position I am placed in I guarantee that I am able to make the most down call positive impact because of all of my experience and instead of focusing just on being a nurse and having that aspect I use my education in order to achieve everything in Care Medical Care Health Care to a person that is sick and come in through some door no we need to provide this experience and education to everyone in the world and the healthcare Optical programming your brand through the internet is more months and its thoughts feelings and actions. And there's a lot of mental health advice that is disseminated through this program but the basic idea of the Nursing degree and the healthcare screen back to be committed to do what the f*** you want to do if you are feeling anxious and you're unsure healing. Normal feeling to have okay you need to stop right talk meditate draw you need to work out. He can't just be how deep down you to push it down for sure but it's not the best way to live because you're not doing what you want to be doing do you really want to be feeling that. You don't talk that the reason why you get that feeling is that discomfort is you knowing that you're not doing weird. What you doing so lenient about this grill the most achieve everything you want to achieve through Massive Action every limitation that there is in life with Ruby time energy space everything can be over, massive Action and the amount of Massive Action that you literally Corley how much you get back and you decide how much action you're going to put but I'm telling you it should be. Do what the f*** you want to do all right next thing when you go over how I came to the realization why I have this mindset and where it comes from next thing is going to be my set with the terms of the people like the retirement and the existential crisis just setting up the structure up before hypermedia course


 ---


 All right we're to go over some real s*** right now we are going over programming your brand through the internet chapter 0 Y and now we're going on to be existential crisis moment. Realized what the f*** do I need to be doing so this realization if HIPAA need this thing. I feel like everyone has this moment and everyone has these moments where they can look back and they can say okay this thing that happened it happened this way and now I'm here because of that but what does that mean what does that mean in order to change there needs to be a spark within spark that's how it starts and then the fire goes and then eventually. Inferno and. Got your stool that's your spirit that's your energy. F*** you want to be doing so. Markdown talking about is the spark that pushed me into realizing what do I want to be doing what's like what is this what is this world what are we doing so how I got there is my whole life my whole life I wanted to be successful to have a house to have a wife have a family provides the most impact be positive live that good life but really I was so caught up so, and with achieving what I thought I need to achieve which was. Education. Job the getting a new car and moving in with the girlfriend now why and having that stable job having that ink having. $3 an hour $40 I started with $31 power and I moved in with Tracy we have an apartment we had our cats and but you don't want to achieve I was a nurse I got a job now I had a car I don't have to worry about it breaking down now we're thinking about buying a house to this life is is not good is not good because there's no growth that was happening during that time Tracy was growing she was doing her modeling she was taking time and energy and space to build program to build herself to developer skills hobbies and interests and I I cheated you want to achieve I got my license I got my degree I did everything eventually maybe I would become a provider a nurse practitioner and something else but... Part of what I really wanted to be doing because I work my whole life to achieve what I wanted to achieve which was to become a nurse and registered nurse and now that it was here now what I said that's it no that's not it so we push forward we got our house we moved in we got everything set up exactly how we wanted to set it up we tore down the wall we renovated the kitchen the bathroom and I have my computer I have my objects my things we would go to restaurant we were not really worrying about money that's life I do know how to cope because I would do a hundred percent at work but when I would do so much of my hundred percent at work I would have to come home and be exhausted I think I would have to come home and be exhausted that was the Trap. That I had put myself I put those limitation onto my life they work hundred percent go to work and then come home and do nothing yeah I work so hard all day that I die go to do nothing and just enjoy life and be comfortable and decided but I know that. Not the back way to live because you're not growing you're not changing Bridget stag and that is not a good way to live so how would I cope well 8 to 5 is Monday through Friday. Work schedule I would come home 5 p.m. Turn off my clothes put on my home clothes make something to eat turn on the projector go on YouTube and Just auto play all day just YouTube video after video after video after video and not healthy not healthy at all why I come home and I just plot in front of the couch and I just get all of the con all these videos on the sound is it numb me out while I just push everything else. At Pinewood progressed I would start getting anxiety underlying anxiety this feeling. Do you that would grow more and more and more and more and more I would not grow just like you do something good and something else could happen they something else good and something more positive comes to you as well I do nothing I do nothing at home. So the existential moment. Was that I Came Upon it was around 1 or 2 a.m. I was watching a bunch of YouTube videos on auto-play and call the next video. I'm about to play was about Bitcoin and for some reason or another I had the YouTube I saw the recommended videos and then the auto until you see what the next video. And for the past seven eight hours. The projector whirring overhead I did not even touch the keyboard because I would just let the YouTube algorithm feed me whatever I want going to feed me and I went down this rabbit hole news bloopers then. And then. Just other information and then it the YouTube algorithm got to a point recommend me a video about Bitcoin and something inside of me something decided to know I don't watch that let me go to the next one I have to stop and think what am I doing i'm literally the moment where I decided I don't want to watch this and I took that action II I found myself on my way over way what am I doing why at this moment why am I so averse to going down this path and I realize now that that was the discomfort I did not want to watch you because it was something new something that I have been pushing down and that pushing down was a Bitcoin is the money I read about it in 2010/2011 sometime I don't have to watch it and just that. Just because I know what it is I don't want to watch it why am I so averse to watching this I remember this moment specifically because this was one of my existential crisis moments where I realized my actions and I watched that video and I just got this feeling of Goosebumps it was just this feeling. I was just watching over me I had no f****** idea what they Quinn was what it really mad for the future was going or what it really was and I watch. I forced myself to watch. And I realized I have no idea what the f*** this is and the more I started doing research into it the more I realized oh my God this and future I thought I knew what it was and here is the answer as to what is money what is line what is job what is this reality is world what are we doing what are we working towards money cardi of money put that what is that like just that moment like we're waiting for. So you can buy a projector so you can consume contact when I went down that rabbit-hole I open them my eyes really asked to what is this reality what is this world this Earth these nations in governments this money this form of control what is this what is this instead of going to work on your bass coming consuming content being entertained getting my bread and circuses eating fast food spending money working through a hundred percent being stressed not coping not growing. Do you want to be doing and from that moment on this was around February 2018 I'm late February I just turn my life around again my light turned around from that spark from that moment that I have to look back into my life and think what the f*** what is this what is money what is this like what am I working toward what are we working toward what is this what does it mean to be a human we're all Spiritual Beings having a human experience I realize that now but like what we doing so the moment. You we have that spark. Stop going you can either. And make that go away turn it down even more or you can feed into it you can feed it if you can be like that what is that I don't do what I'm supposed to be doing so whatever that moment is for you you have to decide you have to make it real you can't just only has kind of that thing that kind of over there no you have to be able to explain it because that makes you who you are the better you are able to verbalize your thoughts feelings the better you're able to control them and then the bed rate while you're able to achieve everything you want to achieve so that was my little existential moment story others definitely more Tiffany moments draw that I had and I'm going to continue to have but that is one of the main reasons why I am here today from that spark that broke me out of that Loop of give me the consumer and just being a hard worker and not doing what I want to be doing so now I'm going to talk about the programming idea my education my background and a self-taught developer a programmer and I've only been programming or around the year and I am already at that level where I'm able to cheat everything I want to achieve using all of the Technologies which is HTML CSS and JavaScript that's the building block the internet and that's literally what's needed to program for brown through the internet even if you don't know specifically as long as you know the details of what it is and what it does and then you're able to just out sort all those things that you don't want to do or that you are able to do what you want to do using the building block I showed you hear through rocket internet program

 ---

 All right chapter 0 why programming so the goal of programming really is to put those ideas that you have in your head and make them real through a computer when you make it real to a computer then you're able to digitize that idea and spread it to everyone in the world to the Internet so I'm that idea programming what what do you mean by idea literally if you write your things and you submitted I'm not easy form of programming really HTML is a programming language it's the structure of the internet so if you're able to build HTML code if you would make a Blog to make your own website you're f****** program where there's literally people that enjoy the WordPress learn how to drag and drop images and use templates to make website front-end web developer they're on the lower Dam because they don't really know the backend stuff they just know how to make the website look pretty and two connecting but really what do you want to be doing do you learn algorithms to be able to sort. Data to work for Google to connect all these people to the internet through them and I used to think the idea of programming was to go on the computer type out some stuff and create some programs and people use them and somehow you get paid for it companies will pay you to program their website or Dare program their back something along those lines maybe something with computers like building computers building Hardware or making games or something like that but yes you can literally do what the f*** you want to do literally do anything and everything you can possibly think of and there's this meme. I said I wish I learned I wish I knew how to program and then someone grabs their hand they stick a pen and then they put it on paper and ink they start programming and then idea is again putting those ideas that and digitizing them in a way that the computer can make sense of those ideas so as as we get more deep programming your Bronco The Intern it basically the specifics but again cuz all these tools and resources that you if you don't want to take that time and energy and space into learning those skills yourself more you're into this the more you grow into this the more come in terms of your experience and your education because you'll learn what you want to learn full of all of this information technology courses I'm thinking we want to be doing but I started around the year ago from today late 2018 I knew that I needed to be doing something else other than just watching YouTube and I'm coming home and having an underlying anxiety and that lack of growth and stagnation would I'm going towards other areas of life so that was not good and I need you to do something so when I got into Bitcoin I realized okay this is the future this is any internet starting right now we are in the moments of the initial part of the cryptocurrency movement and I want to get in on this because it's something that I'm passionate about I'm at I want to do and I thought that thing was a big nice to feel in the cryptocurrency community in terms of content and new engagement and everything so I signed up for steam it. Reddit you post blogs and when people up boat you you get cryptocurrency and I went into this all right I want to be doing some photoshop I want to do videos I want to engagement Community I want to be a part of his coming in put myself out there and give Donald Trump. But also receive a lie back as well from all of the work that I put in and just starting out I made a YouTube account and then I probably did that for a few months before I realized okay and it's this Khan it wasn't working because I would just go to work and I'll do my nursing job and then I'll come home and not really engage fully maybe I'll do a video about spend the day doing a video that I posted by the end of the night and then I would have really follow up and then I would make like a video a week and then a video a day and then I will delve into all these different ideas of social media and content but it wasn't really working out so I realized all right what do I really want to be doing as well so I decided I'm around a year ago around September 2018 to Starling program so what did I do how to program best programming language to learn python python is a high-level program stop literally you're able to do anything and everything you can possibly think of what the program and why would you can do that with python and I did I was I was committed I knew that. I need to learn to program and python was one of the best auctions so I went into it I downloaded my resources my but I followed the chapters I was going along with it but I went to like 15 chapters in the first week and I realized that nothing was sticking and I force myself through it to learn it to get like the basics of it but I got to a point where I could literally make anything and everything. Wanted to make and then I had to step back and think what what I want to do and eventually the idea connected with everything that I was working on like the half moon half maintains the moontones the music that I was making the little art project I was doing I would just put as the structure so if I made a image if I was wanting to develop my skills and Photoshop and just mess around and creates an image has helped slap a move him down there whenever they would be I would make a song to Fruity Loops FL Studio and I was messing around with. Software do you want to learn it what's the artist and the song on same thing with video on video with the channel. So that idea of creating content putting it out there branding you. And in the programming what's the variable name what program do I want to create what's the folder with the repository name or this variable name will be called in it and its variable name we called move and everything combined eventually into what it is today which is everything combined all the hobbies and interests. Audio images video programming on spreading ideas understanding our feelings on doing big things and actually living our best lives everything let's of that and the eventuality of where we got to where we're at with the programming is I would delve into the front-end web. Which is how it looks visually the button do you click and everything and I decided to go a separate route from the typical cord like if you learn programming and you go to bootcamp and you develop your skills to work as a developer in Silicon Valley in the Bay Area then you're going to learn always bloated as Frameworks like react and other Frameworks that like PHP built from all the programming language is the great but the problem with the framework is that they're built so high and so bloated that just even start programming the specific language have to go to mom's death and release come down and being a self-taught camper and using Windows machines instead of everyone using Max and going through tutorials where the software changes so often so fast that you run the,nd close to open up something and then you get a newer version compatibility and then and then and then put the rabbit hole 4 months because I would try to be learning the bloated framework and my system was incompatible have that oversight I didn't have that help that guy ins ignore no don't do it this way do it the other way instead all you see when you get this are not enough. I do know that eventually I went down from learning all these top facebook and Google and Airbnb and everyone requires you to have and I just started going down to the basics of the basic HTML cSS and JavaScript and then I eventually got to where I'm at now where I'm able to open up a blank page open up to copy paste from code to the JavaScript to do the different functions and effects and use my little building blocks in Lego pieces of different function that I'll be able to connect everything efficiently and now with gas truck i'm there so many tools and resources that as long as you know the idea of what it is and what you're trying to do and the Technologies to use it and you're able to use all these tools and resources that are free they're f****** free some of them are free most of them are free salami have to pay a few dollars but they provide so much value terms of what you can create and what you can do that as long as you know the ideas of what it is and what you need to do you can just take the Lego pieces and building blocks that other people have built that make sure that it's working tools effectively. Chucky or whatever you want to achieve instead of going down all the way starting from a blank page building locations and then eventually build something that is happy because the structure was kind of being held on until you. We don't really know what it does but eventually you build up those things where you're going to just copy and paste it is what it is and literally programming your bra through the internet you literally do that you use those tools was Resources with applications whose functions in order to achieve what you want to achieve to increase your productivity and be able to program your Bronco the internet and disseminate your ideas or brand your everything give me internet on a Jeep what you want to achieve so zero with the Y on the programming but next thing we really doing is goals in terms of how massive should our goals be in order to achieve and we want to achieve so this is the last subsection of 0 Y and it's the gold so after the Gold bring it over to chapter one which is check my branding so next subsection is gold all right if I can go and actually let me just give you a little little hint your gold cap they have to be next chapter

 ---

 All right chapter 0 goals now how big do our goals have to be in order to achieve what the f*** you want to achieve we need to have these massive gold now there's a lot of misinformation out there especially that's disseminated through society that being average is where you want to be at an average house average life average income average car average kids average yard average self average paycheck average wage average everything but that is a shity way to live because if your goal is just to be average if it'll think about where you're going if you're going now you're just building towards is average is just normal and just doesn't make any sense. Over there that ideal version of who I want to be above what I want to do and what the f*** I want my life to be that thing that idea worked with that. Should not average it shouldn't be too just in time to just do okay you should be to achieve everything so that idea of building massive goals and working towards them with massive action correlates with all of the successful people that you and I both know you will. No dejarse Elon Musk Joe Rogan all those people even celebrities politicians whatever whoever those staff with achieving massive thing and do you know anyone who achieved something massive but wasn't obsessed or didn't do math know you've no you don't because they were not because they did not work toward so think about worst case scenario oh I don't want to make these big goals because what happens if I don't achieve and then I'm just going to feel work wrong wrong imagine that ideal like that idea version you want to be rich want to be an astronaut you want to go to the Moon you want to end world hunger you want to provide housing for everyone where the f*** you want to do think of that board. Where you're going to get Ford's if you put your full force and energy into achieving. Gold imagine where you're going to end up if you work for that entire life and you become a success and you always growing you change and you're always working towards living. Like what you want to achieve that life goes like this and goes like that and sometimes it goes like this and go but the only way you will fail with achieving that is if you stop literally when you die that's it but if you're working towards and you make all these changes can you provide all that positive impact we wanted to do right that you wanted to live your best life and you wanted to do your best okay then what are your goals what do you want to cheat what's that massive thing I'm going to share with you my goals so I'm you can have just the structure on my mentality play thinking because again think of the big big big goal that you want to achieve and then when you think of that you got a time is it at least at least a thousand more towards a million times it by that you're going to need to exponentiate so if your goal is I want to make $1000000 a hundred thousand dollars more than that because when you get to that if your goal is old mega million dollars and that goal is up here what happens when you probably are never going to reach it because it's all of that thing over there but if you're constantly growing you're constantly building towards those massive goals with a Massive Action then you're only going to cheat more than you can possibly imagine if you continue to grow and change and adapt and really understand what you want to be doing and live your best life and that is Success the success of life is doing what the f*** you want to be doing providing the most impact positive impact out into the world and getting rewarded as a result the money the fame everything will come as a result of you doing your hundred percent Bass want to achieve constantly growing now one thing about achieving going for that thing over there I see you over there. It's just I know who the f*** I am and who I want to be sold again let me show you my goals so George Perez president 2028 USA I am providing the most positive value. Go to the world this hypermedia course is audiobook this publishing is just one little piece is only $10 and that's scalable on whoever wants to learn through the experiences and the perspective of Newton's Productions the course is already there the objective vacation the packaging up on that idea of programming your brain to the internet. What's the world in a package. If you don't the $10 so that's scalable and when I provide all that positive. How to get to the world using my hobby skills and interest my perspective my art my value and I do it very efficiently and I'm scale. What's the result how many can I possibly sell how many hypermedia course it can I talk with yourself okay and I create more and I help others create more and I use all of my hobbies skills and interests in order to grow with his production achieve everything I want to achieve so there's other things in terms of other than whole presidency the presidency aspect of a reaching for is understanding the need. The world and me wanting to step up and be a part of that answer and take on that role being leader and being the support for all of our citizens of the world not only Americans but everywhere else in the world I also am working on. Building all of these large housing structures of tiny houses to end the issue of homelessness and higher rents the whole shelter situation there's also goals to reach trillions of dollars income and net worth the richest person in the world currently you're not even doing nowhere near being worth a trillion dollars either companies are Apple just reached a trillion dollars malaysian but you yourself oh oh my God that's so that's if I have that big. Then I worked or I don't just stop at a million I don't just stop at a feeling I keep going I think of all of the problems that are going to happen as I work towards. I need my space I can't think of a problem maybe happen when I think of those problems of becoming a trillionaire becoming the president providing the most positive impact on in the world helping all of this housing all of these people sharing the information sharing the resources Sharon education to be able to have everyone build their brand and program what they want to and disseminate their ideas and achieve everything they want to achieve through packaging about my perspective and all the other. We going through looking production and although their positive energy that I share with you on a daily basis and scaling. New Politics. Healthcare through entertainment and when I think of that way to live for me up in the morning and I think of those gold so those gold happy now so think of what you want to achieve again think of leaving your back ideal like how do you want to look who you want to be with who you want to be surrounded with what would you be doing on that daily basis where would you be traveling what type of value would you be giving back what would you be consuming what would you be doing that by a thousand by a million now. How do you go in life and you work towards that massive bull ears are coming up with all these problems with the solution of the universe and the universe itself back to you start seeing all of these opportunities and the universe will never prevent to you an opportunity that you cannot use the most of your advantage because you won't even see it but if you're committed to a cheating when you want to achieve and you use everything around you the most of your at. Then those opportunities will come you will literally created opportunities and you will see everything the way meant to be seen because you're again moving everything want to be doing and you're committing yourself hundred percent in a cheating everything you want to achieve so make them massive time zones by 1000 by a million think of those start working out those problem and commit and every time there is something that you know you should be doing but can do it you're already working towards that goal are you going to be doing other than what the f*** you want to be doing to achieve your best life. Doctor you're so f****** start all right start and take down. Take them. And while we're moving on to chapter one branding again George Perez to get me questions or concerns call 424-4004 batman or email Le Conte all right I love you with f****** go chapter one coming up

 ---

# Chapter 1
#ch1


All right chapter 1 programming your brand through the internet branding this subsection is named okay so what is the name of your brand the name is very important now if it means something to you and whatever the name is that create as long as you commit to that 100%. Doesn't matter what the f*** is it can be numbered! But generally you want to think of big big big brand as the brand that you agreed so not only do you think of any terms of oh your knitting business your Consultation business your little plant business think of it in terms of big Mastiffs legal government 43 related to that so when you have your brand name you're going to happen to 70. Out into the world so you have to become into it you have to be 100% behind it and the name is very important because again. Structure of them here now let me give you a few examples before we were examples of lutein canon Canon is a camera brand and indignity do lots of other things too but think of that Meme I keep to praying donald Trump he's a brand his person he's a friend Tracy. The person me Jorge Perez I have my own brand you are your own brand to but it's easier to objectify that brand idea into something that you can please and say okay this is the brand it's called X it's called PayPal it's called Google it called production so again the name that you decide for your brand new have to be committed 100% behind it you have to be committed so much that the specific of the spelling the casing has to be specific as well for example Google has their own when you go on google.com be a big G and then small o o g l e Cannon I'm looking at it right now there's a big c and there's a mof muchas production putin is always in capitals if it can be helped if it can be capitalized should be capital okay now sometimes for like usernames or emails it'll automatically reverted back down to lower case but that's fine because that's a limitation but if I'm going to be creating a brand if I'm going to be slapping that brown. It's going to be all capital how it is that's just how the idea of the brand name is it's always even in government documents for the LLC for the bank statement everything is all capitals and Productions is all lower case it's all Productions it is all lower case as soon as LLC is the Big L the Big Al and The Big C there's no. Lowercase it's gluten in all capital Productions in lowercase and LLC without. And the healthiest chocolate think of your brand right. If you have not yet please you need to write it down and you need to multiply that I need to keep writing it down you keep typing it out I need to keep saying it and you need to 100% with your brand name you know what it is so neat. Now the second thing is the description so the description of your brand like what what is your what is your Abyss is needed in every social media site you have your bio you have your disk and even when you created as a full-fledged business. That is connected with the government write your documentation that you provide the description what is it well improvement through hyper me because that is what it is it's the production that is created through and its Improvement through hyper literally in the sand you can see the Improvement do the hypermedia media is just a combination audio images video tax that is embedded in the internet technology through the web and disseminated hypermedia so but Improvement through hyper description of the government doesn't recognize that it's like okay what do you do we do in proving to hypermedia they're like what what it is what is that so when you think of the future proofing or whatever your brand on is going to be the official like LLC or Corporation or make it recognized by the government you should be working for that so actually going to have to do it but what do you want people to think of when you think of the brat but if you look up and see a is the northern classification of what your brand really is when you're in the hypermedia course you can just click and there be different examples but those examples. NCAA is those codes on what that is is it structured information that the government has laid out and said okay this is nice as businesses so would you feel if you fall into one of these categories you are a business and it's so broad that whatever you he's going to fit into something whether it be food served a manufacturing advertising marketing whatever it maybe NCAA is code we have to put for is business-to-business electronic Market according to the article nobody to the government in terms of what is Newton's production what does it do what's the description well production is in business-to-business and that means there are electronic systems like the internet that is used to connect businesses with clients and customers and provide different solution based around getting more clients and solving these issues businesses businesses through electronic means so. Falls the new description of who Productions LLC which is not only improve into hypermedia that's because now it is business-to-business medtronic Marketing Solutions so when we think of where we're at with our branding and our name and our description it's mutans Productions LLC the description is business-to-business electronic Marketing Solutions and there's also a subsection which is Improvement through hyper which is all of the unique values and perspectives that make so after that in terms of branding you need styling The Styling is the color the way your brand logo looks and the colors that your brand is usually people will have a rectangular logo and a square logo usually the square logo is used for like a simple Avatar image or logo that says with this company I'm sure you know lots of different examples of logos in square form and also your name is a logo in and of itself so whatever your name is. Bobo the morning mix it and now chin Creator. Fart i've been looking but within the letters is different images and different stickers. The words and that's it... The brand. The uniqueness of the name is it is its own brand new it's you should be able to put your brand name on a sticker making you need a favor leave this right here so if you're not able to do that then well you are able to do that but so go ahead and go to Google fonts or Sigma. I need just look at all the fonts that are available through the web where did you go to a website and the van is available to Google van from everyone will be able to see it so you can use that as a structure of building your brand and you can go to figma. A free account and be able to use all of those tools that are industry standard start building your brand literally type out your name and you can just take a picture of it and boom you have your logo right there your name and the color about program near Brampton the internet and making the brand assistant in terms of The Styling and the colors and the brown you have to think of the colors as being consistent and now the mutants read right here you can see this red. Color Aid 0000 now a hex color is the computers code a saint specific shade of color is that color that you're requesting and a specific read that I like that is part of the production is 80000 now these different colors that I also associate with with his production the Branding in the silent consistent and that is deep pink witches hex color ff14 9-3 and deep sky blue 00 fFF and I have memorized those a hex code to the point where whenever I create something and I want to see how the logo looks or look at something else and instead of black or white or red I had the Deep pain or the Deep sky blue or something else I keep it consistent through his filing so people can recognize the brand because they recognize the colors they recognizes so I want you to have your colors of your brand so that you remember the hair colors so just search hex color on Google and you'll be able to figure out what code exactly you want your color styling to be for your brand and just continue that for 4 figma. The great free resource to start building Brown again just think of a good name calling do the colors do the van and create your logo now the final thing about that square aspect do you need the whole reason that name exists is because we have gluten and. Make the brand unique because it makes us who we are and we love our companion so much. When you think of the name feeling like I couldn't come from so if your brand as yourself and your face is your logo all right if you want to have like a triangle or like some type of design that incorporates what you do with a landscaping cooking or whatever that was chapter 1 branding and next thing we're in Andover is what needs of your audience which I hear the tip your onion should be everyone in the world and your approach in terms of campaign all right so we're going to continue with chapter 1 branding


---



All right chapter 1 branding what need is your brand feeling so you have to think about what need am I feeling what is my value that I'm what is the exchange. Through the brand and what happened what what is that Valley what's the need so the need that is most white bread towards your audience is the best knee that you feel so let me let me break that down when you provide a product or a service as a brand dot product and service the people that got prom services for that Exchange. That's your audience now. About what value you giving back to your audience and by that returns you're going to get value back through money through Fame through like through understanding of your ideas to dissemination of your ideas to talking about your brand to all of that. Just getting back from your audience but what value are you giving me the most important thing that you can possibly do is provide positive impact. So the most positive impact you can give back out to the world is education is your perspective is your story because people learn from other people's stories. Like that's what gossip is that's what learning about different people is we learn from other people's stories and that's $30 you can learn from me and what is that that's education not giving the store getting the valley. Providing back so people don't buy a brand just because it looks cool or it's something it's because they get a special feeling of connection when people buy a Nike shirt and they pay twenty five they're not just doing it because it looks cool it's because they have that connection to have that feeling they feel that connection with that brand and they know that feeling chords feeling good because they like that brown shoes they like the marketing they like the message behind it they have that feeling so they can sit and that's dance from the value that they're providing the audience for your brand nothing about that all of the people in the world every all of that value product the services. Is offering those products and services and value have to be to the most of the advantage of everyone in the world everyone have to improve because of the valley that you're providing structure to build your brand off of let me give you an example of your audience beat ever and whatever your brand being to provide the value and products and services. Let me give you a scenario an example of a bra company okay now a bra company is maybe focus on women and they want to just tell them that market so that I am an older people younger there they're not really our audiences just emails between this ages and I can afford these luxury bras. Brandon service is offering a service and it goes to an audience but if that brand stays that way and hold those limitations on to themselves are not going to succeed because they're not providing. Out to everyone now just a little restructuring of the way the message is portrayed and it makes all the difference now imagine that bran if you aren't you don't fit in that audience that you don't really have that connection you don't have emotion attached to it you don't know you don't really care about that Broad Run even if you use it is like I asked if the thing is is a thing Ron Brown high end bras for a specific meal bracket of pay that is Lucas higher because the tire quality that is that are for females obviously because they are so high quality the bras prevent back pain from the women that wear in the Bronx and front that you can not only be used as sex Enos and as something to feel good ways and spend a little bit extra on something special something that is literally used to you got structure for your body to prevent back medical device and really really need a can also be used by anyone to have and little boys little girls growing up you don't sharing. Educate what are breasts are breast cancer about the back pain about the puberty about everything it's just the men the women the husband's the why is everyone has been improved because the bad things that are go away everyone's going to feel free from having that good high quality and there's also. I go out and provided so we imagine imagine that Imagine That Brand now compared to the brand that is just limited by their own Thinking by their own presentation is Miles Away you want that other bra brand to succeed even if you don't wear bras even if you have even if you have no connection you're never going to buy it you're never going to see it you still want that Francis succeed because of all of that positive impact of providing out into the world so. That your brand is feeling like you have to think of how does it apply to everyone in the world go towards that really if you work towards making what you do with the products and services, you create everyone in the world and you work towards down to 100% you were down to cheer overcome and continue to go. Providing the most positive impact on the world through your brand imagine where you are going to go alright imagine everything to succeed and imagine how you're going to feel while you're in that grind while you're in that world in that work in. In. So you're creating imagine how you're going to feel and now watching the Bulls that you're going to cheat imagine all of those goals are going to continue to achieve and produce and network and connect with the frame of thinking of all you have to do so think of the knee that you're feeling think of it. Apply to everyone in the world so Brandy your approach and it goes back to the master. As I figure if you're still listening to this and you haven't automatically tune. Map of Golden Master. Be obsessed and fee averaged is not good hit if you have already turned off that you're listening so let's talk about the approach now that everything has to be kind by a million I'm telling you everything has to be massive if you really want your grand to succeed it needs to be massive he needs to be doing for 4 super snacks with your time your energy and your space everything kind energy in space and Massive Action okay the more you control your thoughts feelings and actions the more you write it out the more you talk it out the more you meditate the more you reflect the more you are caught can understand that control your thoughts being an action the better you are able to achieve everything you want but you not only with your ground but with yourself and that is what makes up the approach the approach should be massive as well as the goals as well as the value for your providing now on the last chapters of this program nearest Value efficiency and scalability with the most deficiency and they scared the s*** out of it Skillet put it in an object and just multiply exponentially at that gif created make a good function make a good program making something good that works and just multiply that change it affected and just grow that and disseminate. Do you want to be doing with your friend going for 4 about time energy and space doing the volume efficiency of scalability at structures and controlling your thoughts feelings and actions while providing the most positive impact on the world so next thing is the infrastructure chapter 2. We're going to go over the accounts and all of the different tools and resources that are needed to program your brand to the internet

---

# Chapter 2
#ch2

All right chapter 2 back-end infrastructure now what is back-end back-end infrastructure the building block the actual function the thing that connect the ground through the internet to the people and the program is called programming do brown through the internet and other avenues you're able to achieve what you want to achieve but the program through the internet about the platform and the email the data collection the data reporting and basically this chapter I want to set up the structure of how using the internet and how we're going to be disseminate ER Brown give me the internet so we have the internet first you need internet okay if you are going to be programming your Brandy and met you need internet so I'll make sure you have a workstation. You're able to reliably produced content and document and continue growing your breath you need a workstation you need a laptop or desktop need a phone you need writing you need paper uni printer you need microphone you need all of this. And infrastructure unicameral webcams lighting location stays give me lots of things but when we think about programming a brand to the internet you're going to need email okay that's number one so first go ahead and get a Gmail account on Gmail account and or come in and open up an incognito window and go to Gmail. Create another Gmail account now I have multiple email accounts just because I don't want to bog everything down one thing and I don't have a email account with your contact. Org he's also other Gmail account and a Hotmail account on a different things that are used for different purposes as long as you keep it organized and you use the programs like Chrome to be able to save your password and save your account setting everything across different devices as long as you're using everything to the most of your advantage and everything's going to be consistent everything's going to be across the flat but obviously you want on physical backups as well program through the internet you already have your email account obviously it's your brand at gmail.com even if you don't get your specific brand name you want to get it very similar so mutans is production by Gmail. Within China let you know. Nine at gmail.com a lot of things but you go ahead and make a name email account where you want people to contact you just because you can create and you are going to create a Gmail account and all these different things you are wanting to have a funnel for all of your main contact ability instead of having to check all these different emails and having to Route everything and making sure everything come now I'm just make one main email the me to email you're going to put it in your business card what do you have your email account then you can start making all of your different accounts into different platforms Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Instagram steal everything anything and everything that you can use to disseminate your brown you want to use that back what structure to the idea of programming your brown through the internet you need to do all of the all of the services all of the website you want to get your name your message your ideas your products or Services your information you want to spread. Out through the internet so we can search your brand on Google and you only have a few hundred years old or a fuse. Think about that idea okay just think about that idea you want the search results you want your data you want your continued on your brown you want that s*** spread everywhere so you and everything's in the most of your photo on Instagram on a platform and you have the ability to post it somewhere else and do all these things and talk about it in packets you want to be able to increase your search result do you want your brand on Google search when you search your brown on Google there should be a pocket knife in this should be a huge amount of I'm search results based on the content that you provided tape copy and paste near Brandon peek musical place now you because you're not going to be working for them to be efficient you're not going to be available it's so as machine as the living organisms that we are that is our cells are spirits also our brand we are we consume and we also create data collection and data reporting so we're in taking and we're out putting now. Taking it is hot formation and feelings and thoughts in action that's what we're in taking so whenever we can say we process that software through our hardware and were able to apply all of that new information with all of the data that's already available to buy based on their experience and then we're able to fly that with whatever we want to do whenever we want to achieve so when we think of data collection and Reporting ask our brand what data do you want to collect what things do we want to consume and it literally makes up what you as a brand are what your bra so if your brand is based on cryptocurrency Jernigan growing everything is going to be changing on those changes from the environment from the intake that you are taking in a bra company you are not welcome and what are you in putting what date are you collecting while you're collecting information about how many you're selling about different competitors will bring out bras do you want to learn about manufacturing about how other states about how other countries are doing it and the different medical procedures that could be prevented from the Pacific Service. Provides from reducing. All of this, can you run back stop working your hardware and you create more now you have more valuable information more up-to-date back to the world back to everyone all of your audience so that is the infrastructure of data collection and the back-end infrastructure how are you doing but not based around the providing which is the next chapter but when. Idea of in taking information in thinking cons use understanding these new developments doing more research to allow your grass to grow over thinking of that you're thinking of the infrastructure what you want to you want to consume and then sometimes you open it when you're taking a s*** and you read from you kind of do that when you're consuming a lot you already going to be producing a lot and again. Massive Action and massive gold where you're being taken so much. The only result is your outputting as well because you're in taking lot and when think of the infrastructure you want to think about where you want to get your news with your bookmarks where you get your resources from how you want to dock you how you want to share that with the world how you want to condense it and change it and refer back to it and save it and back-end infrastructure so if you're already using Chrome as your web browser on whatever Linux on Apple Windows whatever you're using if you're using a web browser like Chrome that can sing all of your information and data and settings across all the different devices then you just have your bookmarks and you just have your information and you have your platforms and you have your different account now I'm not really going to give you any specific platforms like only just look at who is successful how people are using it and you can exploit the s*** out of it you see old people style and this is what people like in this is what people engage with and you automatically see and you apply it to your brand and you putting your value and your perspective and your ex treating you listen to it and provide feedback. You continue to grow from that are going to be absorbing everything and again using. Using a structure that infrastructure and infrastructure but you need to be posting a lot relates back to the idea of you want your information spread out all over the Internet you want your Google searches to be huge massive you want to be cross-post play we at least know way more than you need to be constantly posting it's free it's free you're not going to get a bill for it you just going to continue using it while you are using it too much attention Okay you want that why why why why is it bad to where you need to do that you just take all that you can give you feedback you should be consuming any program your DirecTV internet and to send me all your ideas okay and take it processes but again you're committed you know what the f*** you're doing so use that I'd structure minority but most everyone like pretty much this so you use that you'd rather know that information. So pick up the back of the infrastructure and think of how you can use that to most of your advances use Chrome use the same settings use different accounts use them to the most of your advantage keep posting and then the next reporting is the content that you're producing basically. Next chapter which is programming are you allowed to the internet automated contest so instead of spending all of your time just disseminating your ideas if you really do that to 24/7 you're not going to have time to actually do work because that takes a lot of work to be able to Crocs closing you would love this and quit this and copy do this time and word and time and energy space so you want to have the idea of automate. 10 production experience and that work flow because if you automated and green and it might feel like work because it's already automated you already haven't said anything you already have the tools and program the generators everything that you're using so you have that built the last we're going to go over automated content production Chapter 3

---

# Chapter 3
#ch3

Arise chapter 3 programming your brand through the internet workload or automated content production now automated Khan production that is the goal we want to be able to have these work clothes the way you do the work we want to be able to create the content produced the concert the video create the audio i'll need to text make a Blog. Put in into creating a piece of concept of itself so by having the work clothes we consistent and if you're able to most effectively use your time energy space and be able to disseminate more information and have time to actually do the word providing the volume up to the room so I'm going to give you an example of a workflow. To give you an example and a structure to build off of so first to create con you have to think about what makes you special in terms of how you create your content if you are a visual person and you prefer to take pictures take video and dr. Reality in that way perfect use that okay go towards that use that as one of your structures to build awesome if you're more of a journal type person you like to text you like to write it out your ideas you like to really make sure that you understand your ideas before you put them out in Block for mornings form if you're that type of journalist then use that okay but that takes work. So when I do them myself when I fertilize my ideas my mind's always going at 1% it's literally always having design ideas everything is going out. And I'm able to redirect all that energy and do what I want to do so when I'm focused and when I'm doing everything that I'm supposed to be doing which the goal is all the time 24/7. The idea of being able to create content and spray. And disseminate my ideas and get my ideas to provide the most value back out into a world podcast is Audio Only typically and you verbalize your ideas you communicate with people you package status audio format and you share. And all people have to do is listen to watch something so podcast for very efficient to consume we can be washing dishes a running doing different activities and you can still be learning in Sinking and to be able to produce. Com share those ideas to verbalize that perspective already work in and of itself so if you are limited by Ayo the recording process the CDN profile process dragging and dropping it onto a computer and then having to put in the folder and then having to go where there's internet and then picking up the title when thinking of a description and then you posted later when you know you're not that you're not going to produce and the stuff that you do produce is going to be so few and far between that knocking it even make a dent in the world of the universe and the internet like literally think of a while then you're not going to get to that point where your search results are just passing the message Matthew because there's so much content being there so much pain I needed you can literally watch a screen watch a wall. Playing all the different content and you'll never be able to consume all the constant ever created so think of what you're competing against that matches the mainstream all that imagine all of that so many buildings and hours of video and years of contact. Daily basis and think of that as your structure of the noise that you have to go through to actually in your ideas and Achieve what you want to achieve the universe through the world give me the internet so I will we think of that automated contact production I think of the podcast so far I use anchor which is an application that connects your one account to Google podcast Apple podcast Stitcher anywhere and everywhere. Disseminated a because the podcast format is so loved the only difference is that then cross-post and use their own service you're already getting cross-posted all these other platforms all these other services like Stitcher and podcast build and all these different services. Your website in Waukee brugos for them that's just a very efficient way so that podcast ended of itself is an efficient format and with the anchor app all you have to do is upload it to one place and everywhere and it's free and it's very easy very simple steps from the time it takes to record and once I'm done recording the podcast I'm able to post the content out the whole world within a minute or two using the most effective search engine optimization using always have bleeding sure I copy paste I use the different tag of the market that I want for diamond and I use the podcast app where I just upload I use a sound recorder I create my recording of my voice and want a high uploaded I share it boom done extra this many pictures of Exodus many contest engagement extra all this extra information and that already is already good but when I go and listen to it and I just go on Google podcast and I can feel it myself and I listened. Grow from that and I reflect and I think it's better when only good can come from it so that's one example of a workflow for like a podcast but another workflow or the right video format workflow when you create a video like on YouTube video be to anywhere you need a title you need a description you need tag your thumbnail Ali. Actual video file to mp4 file so when you think of that making that mp4 file making that video how to get those tags off to my two or else they're not going to reach where you want to meet and then you got to upload it and they going to make sure add all these things to talk about it then you got to do all this work so I think of the title the title is only 100 characters long so we can only be so long that limitation use it and use it with a tube buddy three different sources a resources that you can use for optimizing your posts and depending on the platforms for youth go to tube buddy for YouTube and make a free account and it shows you all of the search engine optimization tag and they show you all of the information I'm literally all I have to do is search how to get more views on YouTube and there's all these resource levels you make sure your tags are these make sure your title description and surrounding make sure no use this thumbnail generator and make sure you're coming up look like you could use that an automatic process the more is not going to seem like work in the more you going to be okay and just do it like working is Roblox going to clean the equipment I really should be doing a program for to do that but I undo it so fast that it would waste time to create a program in front of me just being a few clicks and then cooking for me and then being done with it it will take more time for me to create a program to do so with a video process once I have that MP4 format I automatically start uploading already knows a limitation is the upload speed be a 500ml youTube will only be uploaded at a certain speed and it's going to take like 10 minutes to upload so once I uploaded record intro title the scripture everything all that is included okay video is done you are uploading it now now you're creating the title one of the characters long messages that you want to give your viewers each time you like your website like your shop like your new items like any products you Services your new course is your new contact your new information of you want to talk and paste all that and make sure it's included and then create your own description include links or including any other description that you missed in the video and from there you copy and you just search YouTube. Google you paint that description and you use a tag that he want literally get to 15 and create the most search engine Optimizer constantly could possibly create across the sea everywhere so doesn't matter how search engine optimized your content is if it's not being marketed or it's not be created at the scale I wish it needs to in or just based on the new infection the thing but the value and the energy and all of the other marketing aspects of promoting your ideas all of that is important to but you have to have a good structure and the automated content production is being able to just create don't sit on those files. Make folders and Sue put them in if you really want to you can have the duel things to do but is that going to hold you back and that you're going to be sitting on those files and then they're just sitting there on your computer and you can't. The longer you sit on it the more likely it is that you're going to continue to let it sit there and he's not going to get posted by that time you already grown and you already embarrassed or cream. Who created because he's grown so much. Why would I posted is not me I've grown so much so I think you're going to post these going to post it out there and make that process of treating me so programming your breath to the internet automate. Com



---

# Chapter 4
#ch4

All right programming your brand through the internet chapter for monetization so monetization monetization is a phrase I remember starting out it being like this thing is something to reach towards and this Holy Grail like once you reach monetization than you f****** made it then. Just start coming in but monetization in this chapter of programming your brand through the internet the structure of monetization is based around selling your brand selling your product selling your services so all of that value providing back out onto your audience. Sell those products and services. Top of the world. Is he most important thing. The depending on the success of you and your brand again the ability to sell your products and services will determine the success of your brand and your ideas and yourself so this is the idea of monetization it's literally how to gain money how to get more money how to get the most value the most efficient and scale. So the ability to accept payments is one of the first steps that you have to create in your brown cash is obviously the lowest form. Began working scalability we're thinking big were thinking massive so you need a payment gate you need an ability to accept large amounts of payment that means bouncy cows. Setting up an e-commerce that means setting a PayPal that means using all of the financial resources that you have the most severe advance begin again we're programming or Brantley the internet and doing it massive scale from Google sense so opening up the payment gate or the e-commerce time is essential now one of the most efficient ways to do this today and this day and age is you can wear square is a free service. My TV, infrastructure for your finances for your business and just start getting set up and just get the software and play around and make products and invoices and just use that product and you got software and see what you can do with it all that is you don't even need an LLC account you don't need any information to created literally you get a square reader you get the ability to swipe credit card three they send you one for free if you sign up you Lily sign up you go to Bluetooth. Org square what are you going to win $10 / Square you click on their you put in your information your brand email you make an account you get access to the square Marketplace I get a commission get a commission you have that ability to accept payments now again this is one of the first steps needed in order to have success in your journey so opening up in painting gay that's one thing I'll write in order to effectively get that money out from the square Marketplace the PayPal. Able to connect either a corporation a company or an LLC or yourself and if you're doing yourself again if you make a certain amount of money and it's not reported and it's illegal and it's better to just go down the route of making your brand official and wet. Com indy Police tour money transfer money and ability to conduct business and so when we think of again the idea of monetization the ability to sell your brand the ability to sell your products and services to be world and. The main reason for your success we have to think about how we can use this to the most of our done now when were already spreading our brand were programming our brand through the internet spreading our ideas are brand new value just because of the clouds or because of the amount or because of the people talking the people knowing the merchandise the idea of the video the viral the drama everything. Do your brand all of that energy is good it's just how you use it so when you think of the selling your ground selling your products and services provided got positive. You have to have a funnel coming in. You're mean one of your main ways that you control to get that money directly to you okay all everywhere everywhere everywhere is Valley Value now you need to weigh the funnel. In terms of money now you do that to the payment gate but you also do that through call to actions now called actions are the messages. Give people that you funnel them into whatever national product service idea message thing that you want your followers to do so one edition cost monetization automated workflow. There with you. Efficient and scalable and very very valuable is the ability to sell your art through your e-commerce add scale it to where you are not doing all you're doing almost no word literally are you doing is clicking and you're getting coffee right there so this is the workflow this is the function okay so in order to sell your are the most efficient way in the United States you use Walgreens Walgreens has the ability to print 8 by 10 and ship them out to anywhere so this service for example if you want to print pictures of your vacation once I upload them to Walgreens and then you want the ship them to your family that you can walgreens and you can use coupon codes and is very efficient and very good they make a profit I mean it's not the cheapest thing there are other cheaper alternatives but and able to ship it so when the shipping plus the cost of the prints are combined it's only a few. Like three or four. $5 when I upload a picture to sell an 8 by 10 ship it somewhere it only cost like 3/4 college for me to do that when I use a coupon code and when it shipped within the United States but I still got print for $10 and already already have a profit so whenever an order comes in all I have to do is make sure the correct picture the part that I created is pick and then I just ship it to the address. The post office nothing so that idea is organic useless without the implementation without the scalability if you do that it's not going to scale it's not going to be Valley was not to be efficient if you only do that for whatever if you want to support me walking go to Moose's dollars and get the 8 by 10 plant and you have it shipped delivered to your door 10 days a call to action that is a way to funnel people that walk volume back up again like me like me right now you can only for yourself and you go you're helping everyone and you have that ability to have a physical representation about feeling that we share together so that's one efficient workflow for monetization now again we have to think of the importance of selling your product Services your ideas or brand your message out into the world through the world through the internet through all of the tools and resources that we have to move to right now work towards that massive goal toward monetization and you're going to be able to create the business plans and his products and he services to be able to be scalable degree Anthony very efficient want to work hard you want to work tomorrow we could get a lot of money on this next section I'm going to talk about the other aspect of selling of monetization and is always growing it's always changing this is one of the main products of us being a human selling if you're not selling your ideas being sold to so every single moment you open your mouth you are selling to the world because you're trying to justify your position in life chapter

---

Alrighty chapter for monetization the important beat. Selling selling is what will determine your ability to sell will determine the success of your brand. The scalability the maximization the ability to sell your brand yourself your ideas will determine your success so this is very important right if if anything this is d-mo stand for this is the most important section this is the most important section of Life literally because it relate so deeply to who we are as human in this reality in this world literally we are selling all the time we are selling we as people as human as Spirit we ourselves people every time we open our mouths we are trying to justify our position in life we're trying to get other people to agree with them we're trying to grow we're trying to understand we're trying to achieve everything we want to achieve and we do that by making a Real by speaking it by drawing It Out by making the idea real so literally every time we do that we're trying to make it real so my other people value by other people sharing that energy and other people agreeing and agreeing with the product with the idea with the service with that. When people agree with that then we feel validated and we feel good and we feel accomplished and we feel successful so the ability to sell yourself as your ideas and your brand and your product. Determine your success not only in your ground but also in your life in the way how you feel the way how you think and how you act now this is very important. So you are a Salesman you are sales woman you are a salesperson you are a felt. You are selling itself okay every time you open your mouth you are selling now you have to wrap your head around this idea because when you think that's your job. That's what you do literally that's what you do so go ahead and control your thoughts feelings and actions and control all of aspects of your life to understand really what you want to do in life in your brand in your ideas and what you do in the life that you live think about that these security Who You Are. You'll be able to sell anything and everything why because you will be committed you will be upset if you understand what you are who you are what product what service is what time you getting back you didn't know deep down who the f*** you are and you know who the f*** you are if anyone knows who the f*** you are it's you literally who the heck knows who you are you okay now own that s*** okay on that s*** and from there you gain. Eugene. You gave everything and you're able to proceed with life because you understand who the f*** you are you understand your thoughts your feelings your actions you use everything to your advance you are unlimited time limited energy unlimited space you are always wanting to produce the most positive impact back out into the world again helping provide so much value that's your goal that's your that's your purpose okay that is selling okay the ability to sell that he needs to have that in and of yourself of yourself first to be able to be the best salesperson be best self okay if you have that then you know what the f*** you are you know what the f*** you do you know you're still you know what limit you can push you know who the f*** you are and you know what the f*** you can do a hundred percent 24/7 you doing you you know who the f*** you are and you're being committed you're doing your best you can hundred percent that's it okay that's it so this idea of selling again very very very important now this whole economy picture of programming your brand through the internet it is important in the sense that if you want to program your breath like if you literally want to create it there's different ways of doing everything is different examples you can use Jake Paul Logan Paul you can use Fox News you can use Joe Rogan you can use on so many different examples of people who have achieved success in this field of Life of this reality of this demand using all of the tools resources skills Hobbies interests. So connected to you also like you also like sharing your ideas you also like talking you are so like creating a positive impact on the spirit world connect to the emotion and the ability to spell these emotions and provide. Now that value and provide those products and services for your brand and provide a positive value the ability to do that, and massively and more and more and growing and changing and always doing your best and promising more and doing more and eating more and helping more all of that. Not only to the success again of your around but also of your life so this chapter again in the concepts of this program is very important to the brand but also to life and I can say that. Me I am speaking from my experience I'll tell you my perspective HD perspective perspective literally this production is based around this structure so every value every idea every message all of this information and cons data and software that I'm giving it to you right now you're running. Hardware and your matching it up with okay keep that information and it's literally being funneled into you how to do it a perspective instead of just kind of getting you here in a little bit and kind of getting it there i'm getting that idea of being able to consume all of that and get all of that value you final. Selling and if you have a good call to action and you can sell the s*** out of that called then you're going to continue with that top and because you're just providing positive impact and because you're a product of your service and he know that the more of the people's used. The more the improved and literally it's a sin if you do not give this product out of valuable even wear whatever caught times it by 10 times it by 20 and you can still Justified yeah I'm people still people need to go broke and they really need to to get this product to get this $10 if you're trying to program your brand to the internet you're trying your brand and understand and grow and consume content and Learn and Grow from other people's stories other people's experiences and I have the ability if you can't you must so again having the ability to sell your idea will determine the success of your brand and yourself as a person and fear so programming a branch of the internet very important because the connect that idea of hate my dear and if I can't sell that shitt what's what's the point there's no point if you can sell it why produce if you're not able to give that value in to convince people. Very valuable and very beneficial and it shows from all the f****** work that you put in okay all that work that you put in all those hours all those details all that skill all that information all of that presentation everything that you produce all of that value. That's f****** gold better than gold because we learn from other people story like that and share. And provide that education to other people can use a structure to grow and Achieve what they were all right

---

# Chapter 5
#ch5

Alright programming your breath through the internet chapter 5 value now we're going to go over hopefully this is the structure okay the structure is explaining who what when where why how in terms of value and also time energy and space associated with Valium okay now I know I should have a little fast so let me let me repeat that all those W's and that house in the wise all of that related to Value why the value of how the value and then we're going to relate. Find energy in space in terms of value like how much Y and everything and this is just a recap because he's next three chapters including this one value efficiency and scalability it's more philosophical motivational my perspective type because it really is just d it gives you different perspectives of ways of thinking about value to be able to apply it to your life to your brand to sell what you want to sell and to provide the most positive impact through your products through your services through your ideas and dissemination of that so value who value for who is for the people okay now every person every exchange Irish share of energy. Between people especially between brown. Very important so remember it is the people that you are providing value to what what value there's physical value digital download the evaluator stealing value there's electrical valders off of Valley what value are you providing think of how I think of what value you're providing. Washer that limits that just is because of physics because of the world because of the reality of the limitation of the value of what value it is and build off of that exploit. What's the most of your advantage value when when is now okay you need to provide the most value possible now it should be 24/7 all the time but now the present is a present for a reason it's a gift take it it's here consumed it now create value value where value everywhere. Should be going everywhere it should be coming in everywhere should be in taking everywhere and you should be producing value everywhere everywhere in the world in your community and your family in yourself in your pants in your environment in your world Dallas value why now the valley why is very important because when you are providing positive impact positive energy out into the world that is the best way to live I'm speaking again from experience when I provide the most positive value headed to the world the most efficient way possible it's the best reason to live literally it is deep way to live when you just given so much. Back to you and all of that is positive all that's great that's that's a great way to live and the more you do it the more you go the more you grow the more you're able to provide more value the more able to empty that's great so. For the valley house for the value now how for the value as you know is Massive Action Massive Action because there is so much noise in the world you need to provide Massive Action and provide all of those products Services Valley he is everything you just need to provide all of that. Everywhere massively do Massive Action now. Through Pine Valley time should extend beyond this reality you should be able to provide all of those products and services and I'll go. Value from that should be able to be traced in the future and say okay at this point in time because this Valley was produced at this time now in the future as a result we are better for it and thank you for that passed work. Work and energy being done in the past for example making a park for a community because someone a group of people tip. Energy and space at a certain point of time to provide. Then. You will continue to provide. Did energy into the future and. To the energy and the space as well of value the value of energy the limitations that the turn live or only the ones that you place on yourself okay you will only achieve what you want to achieve and any limitation that you place is just a construct of what you place on it is literally it's all how you think about it you can be held down by gravity or you can say it like gravity is helping me but I know the formula I know how to use it I know how to exploit it it just how you think about it so don't think of limitations and all I don't have enough days I don't have enough guide or I have these no think of what you really want to be doing you remind the way again you put that energy out into the world the universe that energy will come back to you when you come in yourself to the universe to universe go back to you so relating. With that energy you have to give that value out you have to give that positive energy out into the world everywhere 24/7 the more you can give it out the more value can provide more energy value energy. I'll be to the world the most efficient way possible no more. Okay and then when you funnel. Do the talk to action do the selling to your product to your service to your customers to your audience to the world you're able to get all of that. All that energy. Dr. Nassif and you're doing it to dual 32033 through all these different ways of getting it efficiently marketing efficiently selling efficiently you're only setting yourself up for Success space what space do you want to give value to your world to your brand how much value do you want to provide out into the world. How much space do you want to dominate braum. Reggie from. How you get back to your bride how much space is should be the most amount of space you should be able to provide a positively out everywhere so this correlates to again if we reach towards this ideal version of who we are these ideas is brand this energy that we put out into the world he will come back to us so if you're hoping to help everyone that you're working toward that then the universe will just finally got back into you through whatever way that you want and if you don't want it if you say I don't deserve it then you're not going to get it but if you want it you're going to f****** get it because again you're going to achieve everything you want to achieve the most efficient way possible cuz you're using everything for the most of your advantage cuz you're committed because you are providing that positive Ally so this is Valley is efficiency or I program your brand to the end

---

# Chapter 6
#ch6

All right chapter 6 efficiency again we're going to go over the three chapters the value of fission C and scalability in the same way because they really are. Consensus so we can go over the efficiency who what when where why how time energy and space and again it's all going to be correlated to programming your brand through the internet with the context of efficiency now efficiency is your productivity is the amount of word that you produce all of that work that you give out into the world in terms of your brand in your products and your services and everything that you give out into your world all your social media post all of your energy all of your advertisements all over your interactions all of your networking all of your purchase everything everything that you do in your life as a brand as a spirit. Fish and feed the ability to create more. Good at the more we want to create more give more value back to that house back door and that function that rate. Yeah. Speed. Okay so efficient C4 who the efficiency for who is again for everyone but let's take it back to the efficacy for the cell for the oneself birds that talk about us as Spirits as people the efficiency for the ability to control our thoughts feelings and actions are the direct correlation to the ability to control our efficiency are output our product our services what we get out into the world the more able to control our thoughts feelings and actions now a lot of people think that motivation is Keith I'm just not motivated enough or I need to be motivated to do something some people will use music as a crutch oh I I need I can only exercise if I listen to music I can only do this if I do this other thing. That limitation that you're placing on yourself is up in the governor on your RPMs. Positive Ally provide out of the world. Haitian that you're putting on yourself whatever it maybe it can even be old is life Brite Organix Dam 3 time of all the valley that you provide don't you just as lifetime as a limitation why are you doing that you need to be thinking massive because again we're going to be achieving massive and again the only one that we place is the one that we place on ourselves and that limitation is the efficiency so. When for efficiency so the efficiency should be constantly in your mind the whole day of what am I doing you ever have that where you going to a room and you're like wait what the f*** what am I here for around and then you go your way out. Gyro screwdriver so that is the efficiency because we are understanding our thoughts actions again the thing I make I live on thought our feelings are actions are guilty to control that our ability to be 100% DB commit what we're doing he went out really committed maybe getting screwed up. Tell me another screwdriver and you go in and get distracted when you get something you're like and then eventually you just kind of wake me when am I supposed to be doing all supposed to be doing this so that is the efficiency if you're just committed and you're just going and your RPMs are just f****** going you're just producing you're just creating and everywhere you go you're picking up trash you just say hi you doing everything you're constantly being efficient in that Valley he will come back to you now. You again do we have to be money it doesn't that don't have to be faint it's all that positive energy yeah money or can't be positive energy if you look at it in that way how much money was how much are Ron and that's how much so what's all the way you think about it and the efficiency is very important because that's the ski that's the time that's one of the most important limitation in this reality that is time so the bats able to achieve what we want to achieve. Haitian is what we decide how fast do want to accomplish what we want to accomplish you work for those goals and if you really are. 100% full force 2 walking in to be doing in achieving your goals and you really are sold on your idea of what you can achieve if you do everything at your hundred percent you you're going to f****** achieve anything and everything you want to achieve okay and that's efficiency that's getting towards. View version of what we want to achieve that's getting there faster better achieving more getting more okay now efficiencies when efficiency where efficiency everywhere efficiency for work clothes for daily life for everything it should be everywhere it should be from the moment you open your eyes first take a shower shave through this do that and water stretch do this start your day or just your day going I got your coffee all. What is efficiency the more you're able to translate. See again to be your thoughts feelings are you able to better navigate and achieve everything once with cheap with the most efficient see if efficiency is everywhere in your mind in your world you want Edition see everywhere do you know where it will give it back to you cuz you'll figure it out asking efficiency why the efficiency why should be Celtics play in terms of do you want to achieve what you want to achieve now or later sooner or later I mean that's efficiency no more efficient you are the better the closer you are able to grab. Closer to you because that's efficient see you able to control your environment your go to control your reality because you know you you create your own reality if you can control your thoughts feelings and actions you even show you your spirit you understand yourself you produce all this value and you have all this good luck and all his Good Karma good positive energy always cock going back to you and you know what the f*** you want to be doing have this massive goals and that gives you to work even harder you're going to f****** cheat everything is the most efficiently pop I am. Now efficiency for time efficiency for energy and efficiency for space those aspects of efficiency are very important in life but also in your branding when you think about all of the valley all of the positive value I think it's efficient see now I can just be producing a video content and that's stuck on there any that's pretty efficient but you also need to be producing lots of more value if you really do get so much value you need to be getting that value back out into the community outing for the world in different ways. Turn yourself to doing one thing or holding yourself to one lane or one workflow or just one Avenue of doing things you want to be able to achieve everything you want to achieve efficiently and when you think of kind and efficiency time in deficiency don't have the energy that put in for that efficiency imagine a very efficient engine an engine that has a very high power being very high torque and it consumes a little amount of gasoline electricity now in magic the more the more you press down on. The faster it goes and the Warren control it is and the better it is now imagine that machine as your body as your Gram and the more you feed into it the more you can assume. It puts out. Energy. Good. Good output of that brand of that idea of yourself of your life so that is efficiency so programming your breath to the internet we went through Valley regency and net is scalability it's the mass of it in the bin how big you should do it all right so program your breath to the internet and it's going to be scalability and really massive


---

# Chapter 7
#ch7


Alright programming your branch through the internet chapter 7 scalability so scalability going in line with the previous chapters of value efficiency and now scalability bring over the who what when where why how time energy and space in relation to scalability now this is very very big pun intended I guess the scalability aspect is being able to reproduce the function of the program the call to action the selling the value the being able to provide your product Services your idea your values back do the world I'm through your brand. Scalability liability you got the most possible way the owner go will be you getting the equivalent amount of value. Are you in ratio proportionate to how much you give out what does that mean what the f*** is that mean so the more you're able to give out the bigger the two the most amount of people that you're able to provide the value to your brand the more they're going to come that's scalability so be able to reproduce. Set out to as many people to the world being able to provide your product service in value do the world and give it back to you. So scalability who with the people this is what's going to get the presidency to get people on your side little think of the Google the goal is not to get 50% of the people on your side and 50% of the people against your side just because. The Crux. Tree that's name change back to opposing factors literally from its core so it's not going to mix so that's. Going towards. Is not an efficient goal because the scalability of offering. Meet you the most amount of people you have to provide for everyone so you can just appeal to one side or appeal. Now you to everyone his goes back to the bra and example of providing value valley 2-1 Saginaw do you want to be providing value everyone in the world through your value through your product through your services of your brand now scalability. When when scalability scalability should be done when a function when a program when an objectification of an idea of a call to action of a product of a service of that thing once that they can be scaled out. B. And the only way that you're going to be able to learn from the experience and actually grow and adapt because once you scale it it always have to grow it always has to change and it always has to do that or else you're going to stay stagnant is going to die and that's not what a brand does O'Brien continues to innovate and grow and Achieve and overcome and use everything for the most of the advantage when is that scalability ton of providing at Valley call I got service. When is that itch when you find a good function of good work flow and because you're already taking massive action and you're already doing everything now you're always learning every single moment in your life we have the ability to learn and grow and change and we do that literally every single moment we're working we're breathing we are producing more and more so when we think of that idea of scalability is fine. Mentalization that work flow. And then scale it and it make it bigger why scalability the more you give out the more you will receive now when you do more you will get more problems for sure. Definition of Massive Action more problem you want more problem you want to be able to have to pay more tax you want to have to report to the IRS if you want to have lots of fans you want to have lots of them you want to have to have lawyer you want to have all these things right. The light the best way possible I think of Life as a video game think of life like Grand Theft Auto think of life like whatever a Walking Dead type video game where you get to choose your own responses your own reality is your own actions your own your own way of living you're able to do that dizzy this is your world so when you do scalability you're able to scale whatever you want to everywhere and achieve everything you want to achieve the most efficient way possible because you just putting out for lunch and going to come back I'll let me give you an example of scalability in terms of Y if something is worth doing it's worth doing every day if something is worth doing once it's worth doing multiple times Gail Devers for example this housing structure that is the idea of health centers for Successful People is an idea of tiny houses. 100 or more per lot and those tiny houses are connected. And when we do that idea and we work toward that idea. Ability to work doing is were doing lots of places everywhere if it achieve everything we want to achieve there's profit people get Holmes everything works there's Library there's education there's resources there's opportunity there's job through everything so you have to think of scalability in terms of producing the most positive impact for you in terms of the valley that you're providing and the value that you're getting back and scalability is how this next chapter of networking is literally how it gets done because business is done person-to-person business agency to agency because of got coming in and because of. Change. Ability needs to happen through networking so. Shop Your Way life literally communicating doing business continuing God community windows exchanges. That is the word. The value that is the experience that is learn that is how we exchange value. We get to do whatever the f*** we want to do in this life you want to eat do you want to have experiences do you want to create do you want to do whatever the f*** you want to do then do it but you're going to have to get there you have to get help from people to do every everyone has your money your money is someone else's money no one owns money money is someone else's money. The function of money is constantly circulating but you don't really own money your money is someone else's money and it'll keep flowing because the value is being exchanged so when you think of scalability in your brand think of all of that value providing that product. Is it okay if I if I have a thousand people doing this cloud disservice by the million people that idea and it's the representation it's the idea it's the object the actual contraction if the thing it's here it's available it's a perspective and that's scalable so that is one example and it's very efficient with time energy in space because this video format is very efficient in communicating the ideas the feelings actions the programming your brethren because you're hearing it you're watching yet you are reading it you're learning for me you're clicking your interacting you're typing you're doing all the things that are very crucial to help you achieve what you want to achieve and what do you want to achieve that idea that you have in your mind you want to make that real and you want to sell that idea and you want the valley do you want people to agree with that you want people to purchase do you want people to do what you want them to do which is your provider that value obviously it's just you just go hand-in-hand so that is scalability into programming your brand through the internet in terms of time energy space now. Last chapter is networking and this one is crucial what will continue the growth of your company of your business of your the people its life that the whole reason spiritual experience Beasley connect little people do those in motion through those brown who got fell into that exchange of ideas involving so networking is the next chapter

---

# Chapter 8

Arrived programming your brand through the internet chapter 8 networking surround yourself with people who want the best for you so when we think of the context of programming your brown through the internet we want to be able to disseminate this idea these products the services these ideas I want to be able to give out all of his value. Reduce through music productions which is like the type of media course all of his educational is called ideas my run for presidency 2028 USA 100% all of these ideas be spilling these actions the products e-services everything that uC and I'm getting back out into the world because my intention is pure positivity the only thing that will come back for me is. It's all how you think about it I want to provide the most positive impact out into the world and I want to do that because. How I Live my best life. We all leave our best life when we are providing the most positive value back out into the world we are automatically getting all of that positive energy back to us. Good Karma but that is just a relation of how we live our life if you give out good positive energy open the door for some have a great day will nice all that good cause quit that was like what 5 Seconds 3 seconds all that create positive energy contagious. And if you to do that in 3 seconds on the f*** wouldn't you do that like you feel good by giving it out and then they feel good for the day you give it out and then go from there cuz you're always giving you an out you're just using this machine and you're providing that positivity out into the world the most efficient way possible so networking in that way that way as well networking is the share of value is the exchange of ideas is the talking it's the sharing it's the understanding it's everything that we are a spiritual being that humans have people at citizens as Brands as corporations as governments as animals as everything all of that networking it's just the exchange it's what you do with it so if you are just at home alone in your room close off with no community then. That's not that's not living your best life you're not giving that positive back out into the world I mean yeah some people will be like oh well well. Fish R I like that selfish it if you don't give energy out into the world. Picture of you I say oh you know what I don't have to give energy out into the world I could but I choose not to because I just deserve that energy for myself better but through reality you can harness that energy and read the rag and Gene Kuhn. Energy the redirection of every energy that you got with review positive negative consume high five look at things you look at nature you see sounds you listen to everything that you consume it is going to be used to the most of your advantage and think of all of that in terms of people and networking the more people you talk to the more you are out there tomorrow the one business cards are handed out the more you are able to share that idea share your pitch share your call to a sell your idea explain your idea scale. Provide a positive value find that me feel that needs exploit the need create the most positive impact out into the world when you are able to do that and you're living in. Gold bathroom for being doctor that's what you're doing. You're doing. Energy into doing you f****** put it you have a lot of experience you are f******. Okay you know what the f*** you do again you know who the f*** you are because of that you know the value that you're providing you see it you provide positive. Do you come back to you you feel good when you say hi we say I love you when you open the door when you say oh I like that all of that is networking. But you just have to redirect it in terms of your brat you are caught what you want to do what you want to sell what product you want to sell so when we think of marketing and programming your Brawn to the internet because marketing and networking and communication is between People to People business tenderness yeah, vacation. Follow up. That communication. Give energy that exchange of value they have to be caught they have to be as a whole purpose you want that to be not that it needs to be constant he needs to be growing you don't just want it sometimes you don't just want it a few times a year or really when you kind of put your enemies to her know you want it all the time you want that energy what how often do you want to be eating good food how often do you want to be having good experiences how often do you want to be sharing positive do you want to be making money how come y'all to be spending money how often do you want to be again providing the most positive value the most if the girl is all the time and you work toward Zach then. Back to you come on just think about it if you work towards living your best life and you work towards your goals and you ask yourself if you're committed and you're doing what the f*** is supposed to be due do you know Chief anything and everything that you want so when networking is such a crucial aspect to Growing the brand and being successful and selling the idea and selling the product as a service when networking is so important what is the best way to proceed with it so the best way for networking is to use social media that's what social media is social media is meant to connect people and share now you want to be providing lots of good positive. Because of all of the good positive values be providing any want to be providing all day, you do that from creating Khan but also engaging in the community and the more you engage in the community the more you engage with your network with your support be with your people the more provide value you get value the more you consume the more you create the more you in take the more you out put the more you enter on the more you do the more you use the services that are free the more you take Massive Action and shake hands and change business cards and call and text and show up in person and do everything they supposed to be doing a live your best life. The road to success to achieving what you want to achieve the most efficient way possible literally the Journey of programming your brand through the internet networking people to people so one very important thing right here at the very end of the networking chapter of programming your breath through the internet the networking the people the people you have to be 100% cotton uno talk you are and you have to be committed and you have to be high energy hi, I have to Z asthma and provide lots of good positive energy out into the world why because it's the most efficient way is the best way to live you get more value out of more value in people like you you get more work you get more scalability you get more money you get more experience as you get more fun you get more everything that you want so when you think of that in terms of networking you have to really understand yourself because as the days go by and you are working towards what you want to be working on you can spin your wheels you can pee average you can just work on whatever you want to work out sometimes and then the rest of the times you to work for someone else and you're not responsible for sense sometimes it's not all the time you need to be committed with living her best life being committed with yourself because a f*** you are being committed with understand what are your values with your proposition your pitch your value your service your idea your feelings your actions all of that that you're putting out into the world you need to be confident in that because that is the exchange. People want to feed on that emotion people want to feel people when people concert they can automatically connect ocean to you so you want that connection to be good and if that connection is f****** you God of the answer's always there you got it all the f****** time you know what the f*** you're doing and you're confident because you know who the f*** you are through all of your experiences tomorrow active all of the time energy and space into crafting your hobbies skills and interests and providing all of this Valley f*** you are and you know the value that you provide so show it and f****** do what you got to do and achieve everything you want to achieve and programmer Brian through the internet and networking is key so is selling so is everything talked about his program alright so any questions or concerns George Perez president with his Productions USA presidency 2028 College 42440 337 or email us at contact at lootens. Programming your brain to the internet chapter 8 networking I love you

---

All right so we're still on chapter 8 of programming your breath through the internet and we are in the networking chapter but we are going to focus on surrounding yourself with people who want the best for you surround yourself with the network with the support base of the people who want the best for you when you're better I'm better when I'm better you're better when you create your positive impact when you improve when you grow everyone who is automatically connected to your network to your web through your blockchain through your experience through all of your Social Network everything everything that you are connected to when you are proof everyone else improved when they improve you improve as well so when you think of that in terms of networking and your breath you want to surround yourself with people who want the best for you who are the people that want the best for you don't f****** let you know they're the ones too, an Engaged and share the good energy and share the money and share that value and share the experience isn't share the feeling they're the ones that connect they're the ones I have are the ones that continue to grow their the ones that continue to follow up continue to sell continue to grow continue to achieve more and accomplish everything they want to accomplish to get better to continue to expand and to grow those are the people that you are connected to in your network okay those are the people that you need to surround yourself with now even if you don't know anyone that's no excuse because if you put that energy out into the world diet you really do look those people those people will come to you okay the energy will be very contagious because they'll be looking for the same thing the universe will connect with them and the connect will happen to the universe through the networking you just have to come in so surround yourself with people who want the best for you this is also in terms of Khan stuck you consume of interactions and audiobooks to listen to so this audiobook program your breath of the internet you should have this in your circulation of the content that you consume on a daily basis along with Grant Cardone along with other motivational other informational other car use other forms of media other forms of consumption that allows you to grow and adapt and Achieve and grow your brand and stay ahead of the markets and grab your future and bring it closer to you and continue to cheat what you want to achieve the most efficient way possible so surround yourself with people who want the best for you do you mean. Reality in terms of networking and programming your brand TV internet so. I seen your reality when you document your reality when you send the message when you call when you actually make that physical. Connection. Digitally feel real connection we make that real connect they're working. When it actually happens okay no more you disseminate that information the more you spread that idea the more you connect with other people the more you are networking the more you're spreading ideas and again you spread that energy out into the universe Universal come back to you the people who want to go to her concert will consuming the people who want your services who benefit for her Services who really did you succeed your services are going to come to you okay they are coming to you you just said that energy and it comes to you so that is. Nation of reality think about it you can't just oh yeah you know I thought about him the other day and I hope he was doing good and I worked on something and you know I'm the one day I'll talk to him I'll talk to him again no it needs to be. Styles with people who want the best for you you need to be actively out there making that connection people are very busy in their lives okay unless they will provide lots of value or there's an exchange or there's something that they want to connect with you for some reason or another babies or do you want the experience I want to listen to your voicemail they want to be around you maybe they want to get something from Yuma do they want money experience from you maybe they want advice from you maybe they want you to talk to them maybe something. Now working okay so be at the surround yourself with people who want the best for you if you just have negative. Around you got to just always try the Coughlin suck blood they just suck the energy and they convert that positive energy into negative energy you know those people they can convert anything into negativity those people are cancer okay you need to get away from those people do not surround yourself with those people be so positive and be yourself and be confident lqr and provide so much energy. They literally can't handle it after they move away from you they need don't want you they think you're annoying you want to actively they think I'm dangerous they say they don't want you to change because then if you change then that means they have to change so those negative vampires they do you want that though want to be able to forgive you want to push them away you want to be able to track other people you want to be able to say a little guy f****** it should I was able to convert negative. Into my biggest supporters by providing so much positive wow oh my God that's awesome right so that working with tools resources other hypermedia appointments and scheduling so when you think of networking you basically have a name server if you have the people I do with a people Bronson brand first is you right gilbert the other person the way you categorize that and the way you're able to sort that information is name hideaway and Company phone number email maybe address and then notes about what makes them unique or their brand or what service or what keywords or what they mentioned to you or where you met them or the context okay that is the universal information that is used in networking to the basic idea like in Our Minds when we think of the idea of networking with big idea of connections with other people and we think of another person we literally have named what they do have a concert some little Know da wae just random things they're not really random it's all categories it's all can be categorized and if you place that there's all these different booking systems that you can use theirs office. There is different services that you have to pay there's every services that are free you can look at yourself the other calendar when you have a comment on your computer you can calendar on piece of paper on an actual calendar that you buy from Dollar and that is how you organize you have to use all your technology to most of your advantage so if you want to enter your enter the information of the networking off to a relationship date jordan XL she or a book or on your phones or you have to organize it again. Lies the more you're able to scale and communicate and share that energy and share those ideas and continue those strengthening those lines of communication and be able to share the real the resources and tools and get that. Cher. Provide that. Positive value and get it from the people who want the best for you because the idea of producing and people coming to you will happen but you have to do math together produce a lot again there's so much noise even if you produce one good YouTube a was going to do no good if no one finds it and it's better that you produce so much. Energy of all I could think of networking of using all the tools the most of your advantage and again office. A business premium is a very efficient way if you want to have your own booking system and you don't want to worry about the handling of it and setting it up and learning how to do the few different programming or you don't want to just manually do it yourself and you just won an automated process that's already you can contact me new things. And it's one of the services that we offer businesses to businesses is workflow optimization and the workflow optimization is the process of programming your DirecTV internet It sharing the light via the sharing of resources so when I think of the best way to most efficiently use your time energy and space is the ability to use the tools that we have the software the information to the most of our advantage and we do that through collecting data and be able to store and organize that information and use that data to most of our Advantage One communication for sharing a resource and for networking and finally the final information in terms of networking of surrounding yourself with people who want the best for you is surrounding yourself with con with the people with the the audio books. Messages. Those people who are already successful who are where you want to be and Beyond who can help you those giants those leaders those people surround yourself with that surround yourself with their content hours on top of hours on top of hours of content and they're literally there because they're putting their perspective out into the world and you have that ability to connect that surround yourself with him now gif some negative people that just put out negativity and if you feel I want to listen to music feels like I feel bad I only feel like God. Don't surround yourself with that but when you listen to someone or when you consume some con if you're energized and you understand and you have organized thoughts and you know what the f*** you want to do and you're motivated and you're learning and you're growing and you're expanding your life to continue to live your best life if you get all those feelings are you canceling the content then f****** continue surround yourself getting I'm going to give you some recommendations so first grind card don't consume anything and everything of Grant Cardone 10x rule seller be sold if you're not first you're last 10 be obsessed or be average YouTube all of his content aldi's audiobooks consuming be a part of it like you said swim in the Kool-Aid don't just drink it Joe Rogan Joe Rogan is good for entertainment as well as education when you have physicist on but when he had lots of comedians it is sometimes a little spinning spinning the wheels. At circle jerking because this talk about same thing where ya. Can be scaled out to all the other profession the profession of comedian can be scaled out the profession of Nursing and you can use those examples for anything and everything so again and how do you use the contact Jordan Peterson 12 rules for life teaches or taught me how to live my best life in terms of living a Good Life of Pi the connection between Christianity in the Bible is interesting and it plays really well with his voice, Newport work. Taught me to be obsessed in terms of not multitasking Grant Cardone Top Meats but taught me to not multitask and to be on 100% and focus on the task that needs to be done and whatever it is that you're doing even if you're sleeping as long as you doing it at 100% then you do me a hundred percent is on your bed do you wake up if you wake up 100% And you do your dare ever send it. You can accomplish everything you want to accomplish when you put your deep work full form find energy and space into doing everything going to be doing finally David Goggins Can't Hurt Me overall he's just a very inspirational really restructured idea of what pain really is in terms of the motion the physical spiritual and there's plenty more family mom. My cousins uncles aunts. Friends Neighbors cool make me who I am is everyone who ain't right within everyone quiet and everyone that works with me so all of my fans all of the people all of the strangers all of the up though. Comment reply to everything thing to all of our community the new translation the citizens of the world as citizens of the earth of this universe of this reality I want to thank you for everything because without you this you cannot be done and literally this message from me is being directed for me directly to you so I want to thank you and please contact questions or concerns I lose more hypermedia courses more audiobooks more content being produced right now we are focusing our full force is she into mutant production business Degree electronic Marketing Solutions we are on the starting stages of the LLC was just born November 18th 2019 and we are on December 7th 2019 9986 days of life so it's a very exciting time and 2028 is only 3,000 and 8 years away there's lots of goals lots of big action lots of big massive connections and work. In the process of being done and again I wanted to thank you for networking and sharing this energy with us so again any questions or concerns the number is 424-4440 37 or the email contact hamilton. Org is George Perez President Bush's production uSA 20 2028 love you any questions or concerns please contact and remember continue the hundred continue doing your best and you know who the f*** you are you are valuable you can achieve anything and everything that you put your full force and energy into do I love you okay wanted to resend full form strengthen our lines of communication go hundred percent USA Wonder percent Earth World Universe I love you okay

---

# Final Chapter
#final

Hi so I just finished the hypermedia course program your breath to the internet perfect I boil I wanted to I wanted to be screwed the best part with you because the best part is the bank and I already think everyone in the universe if you were listening and I wanted to thank you because you are one of the most important reasons of where we are today and all the energy of the positivity and everything that we give out into the world so I wanted to thank you for being so resilient fill power. Amazing and beautiful and being able to create everything you want to create the most efficient way possible and how you love me how you love know how you love me with all your great mother how your great provider are great everything and I just wanted to thank you for being who you are and being inspiration to me to being able to create everything that I want to create from seeing how much you grow and how much you would dance in achieving overcome you're just so amazing and so beautiful and I'm glad that every time I wake up from the dream Dimension I wake up in his reality with you as part of my life by my side my wife my partner my beautiful everything I love you when nothing will you think about programming your friend through the internet the great course. People should definitely listen to and is there a subscription for email listing of course definitely subscribe. It brings a lot of value in terms of what you want to do to work with future brands people businesses excetera so very very viable he put in your hunger 10% in this whole course cell amazing energy I love you thank you

  
  
   
